src/v2/latipay-hosted.md, before:

---
title: Latipay Hosted
type: v2
order: 2
---


Welcome! It looks like you’re ready to connect with Latipay. This reference documentation explains how it can be done using Latipay’s API.

Once setup, you’ll be tapping into millions of Chinese consumers who prefer local payment methods.

We’re constantly updating our payment methods but would love to hear your suggestions on how we could improve our platform.

## Summary

The Latipay 2.0 interface is an independent Hosted Payments Page (HPP) solution provided by Latipay. The HPP provides a solution for capturing Wechat/ Alipay and 19 main Chinese banks information securely without exposing the merchant to sensitive financial data. The Latipay Hosted Ecommerce API provides merchants with a secure and versatile solution for online payments. Redirecting users to a Latipay Hosted Payment Page to complete the payment. A real-time confirmation notification of payment from Latipay will be displayed on the merchant’s website. At the same time, a callback will be implemented to the merchant to ensure that confirmation of payments have been sent to an allocated callback_url in less than 30s. Merchants also can track payment status through the Latipay Order Query API.


## How it works?

![](http://latipay.net/wp-content/uploads/images/01_-_Online_payment_workflow_-_Latipay_hosted-_both-02.png)

1. To process a transaction, customers select Latipay as payment method, then the merchant’s ecommerce server sends a request to Latipay partnership merchant.

2. Latipay partnership merchant sends a request to /transaction with the authentication details.

3. Latipay responds with a nonce and host_url

4. Latipay partnership merchant responds with a unique URI (host_url/nonce) for an SSL secure payments page.

5. The merchant shopping cart uses the returned URI to redirect the customer to the secure Latipay hosted payments page.

6. The customer will be prompted to a page which requires him/she to either enter their Chinese bank card details or scan the QR code and complete the transaction. The result is displayed and the user is automatically redirected back to the merchant’s website.

## Payment Scenarios

#### Alipay

![](http://latipay.net/wp-content/uploads/images/Alipay-latipayhosted.png)

---

#### WeChat Pay

![](http://latipay.net/wp-content/uploads/images/Wechat-latipayhosted.png)

---

#### Online Bank

![](http://latipay.net/wp-content/uploads/images/Onlinebank-latipayhosted.png)

---

#### Website check-out page

![](http://latipay.net/wp-content/uploads/images/checkout_show.png)

## API List

### Transaction Interface
Create a latipay transaction(or order) is the first step for using alipay or wechatpay.
	
```
POST https://api.latipay.net/v2/transaction
```


#### Parameters


| Name  | Type  | Description | Nullable |
|------------- |---------------| -------------| -------------|
| user_id | String | The user account you want to use to process the transaction. | No | 
|wallet_id | String | The ID of the wallet you want to use. | No 
|payment_method | String | Payment method options are wechat, alipay, or onlineBank. | No 
|amount | String | A decimal amount. | No 
|return_url | String | The URL of the landing page where Latipay will return the customer after payment. | No 
|callback_url | String | The URL of the callback address the transaction notification is sent after payment. | No 
|signature | String | The SHA-256 HMAC API signature. | No 
|merchant_reference | String | A field for identifying your transaction. | No 
|ip | String | The IP address of the customer. | No 
|version | String | The latest version of the platform. | No 
|product_name | String | The name of the product or service being sold. | No 

#### Extra Parameter only for Wechat

|  Platform | Payment Method  | Extra Parameter  | Payment Interface's Response 
|------------- |---------------| -------------| ------| ------
| Wechat browser |wechat  | is_staticpay=1 | Wechat app pay directly |
| Any |wechat  | present\_qr=1 | a Latipay webpage which presents QR code which waiting for Wechat app to scan |

#### Example Parameters

```json
{
  "user_id": "U000334333",
  "wallet_id": "W00000001",
  "amount": "120.00",
  "payment_method": "alipay",
  "return_url": "https://merchantsite.com/checkout",
  "callback_url": "https://merchantsite.com/confirm",
  "signature": "14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3",
  "merchant_reference": "dsi39ej430sks03",
  "ip": "122.122.122.1",
  "version": "2.0",
  "product_name": "Pinot Noir, Otago"
}
```

#### SHA-256 HMAC Signature
```
message: user_id + wallet_id + amount + payment_method + return_url + callback_url
secret: api_key
```

#### Example Signature

```
message: U000000001W000000010.01alipayhttp://merchant.com/returnhttp://merchant.com/callback
secret: 111222333

signature: 2367bcd9e9a2f9a547c85d7545d1217702a574b8084bbb7ae33b45a03a89983
```

#### Response

```json
{
  "host_url": "https://pay.latipay.net/pay",
  "nonce": "7d5a88119354301ad3fc250404493bd27abf4467283a061d1ed11860a46e1bf3",
  "signature": "14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3",
}
```

| Name  | Type  | Description | 
|------------- |---------------| -------------| 
|host_url	| 	String	| 	The host URL to send your customer.
|nonce	| 	String	| 	The transaction nonce must be appended to the *host_url* when redirecting the customer.	
|signature	| String	| The SHA-256 HMAC API signature.



### Payment Interface

Load bellowing url in browser	or send GET request

```
{host_url}/{nonce}
```

#### Example 

```
https://pay.latipay.net/pay/7d5a88119354301ad3fc250404493bd27abf4467283a061d1ed11860a46e1bf3
```

#### Response based on parameters

|  Platform | Payment Method  | Extra Parameter  | Response 
|------------- |---------------| -------------| ------| ------
| PC browser |alipay |     |   Alipay QR payment page|
| Mobile browser |alipay |     |   launch Alipay app to pay|
| Alipay browser |alipay |     |   Alipay pay directly.|
| Wechat browser |wechat  | is_staticpay=1 | Wechat app pay directly |
| Any |wechat  | present\_qr=1 | a Latipay webpage which presents QR code which waiting for Wechat app to scan |
| Any |onlineBank | 	| a Latipay webpage, a form needs customer to fill in |



### Payment Result Asynchronous Notification

There is an asynchronous and back-end payment result notification sent by Latipay to merchant after the payment is done successfully. There is a re-try mechanism with the notification to ensure the notification could be delivered to the merchant. If you receive callback notification, please send "sent" to us. Callback notification can be sent many times until we receive "sent". For notification, we will send notifications after payer finishes the payment, the time interval is about 30 seconds.

```
POST merchant's callback_url
```

#### Parameters		


| Name  | Type  | Description | 
|------------- |---------------| -------------|
|signature | String | The SHA-256 HMAC API signature. |  
|transaction_id | String | f66f-4f1b-9ef5-43cb917ff8a6 (string) - A unique transaction identifier generated by Latipay. | 
|merchant_reference | String | A field for identifying your transaction. | 
|currency | String | The currency code of the transaction. |
|amount | String | A decimal amount. |
|payment_method | String | The payment method used. Possible values are wechat, alipay, onlineBank. |
|status | String | The status of the transaction. Possible values are: pending, paid, or failed. |
|pay_time | String | Show the payment time of the transaction order. |

#### Example Parameters

``` json
{
  "transaction_id": "43cb917ff8a6",
  "merchant_reference": "dsi39ej430sks03",
  "amount": "120.00",
  "currency": "NZD",
  "payment_method": "alipay",
  "pay_time": "2017-07-07 10:53:50",
  "status" : "paid",
  "signature": "14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3",
}
```

#### SHA-256 HMAC Signature
Merchant backend need to validate the signature for protecting against malicious requests.

```
message: merchant_reference + payment_method + status + currency + amount
secret: api_key
```

#### Expected the text "sent" in Response's body

```
sent
```

### Synchronous Redirection
There is a sync and front-end payment result redirection sent by Latipay to merchant after the payment is done successfully.


```
Redirect merchant's return_url
```

| Name  | Type  | Description | 
|------------- |---------------| -------------|
|merchant_reference | String | A field for identifying your transaction. |
|payment_method | String | The payment method used. Possible values are wechat, alipay, jdpay, baidu-pay or online-bank. | 
|status | String | The status of the transaction. Possible values are: pending, paid, or failed. |
|currency | String | The currency code of the transaction. |
|amount | String | A decimal amount. |
|signature | String	|The SHA-256 HMAC API signature.	

#### Example

```
https://www.merchant.com/latipay?merchant_reference=dsi39ej430sks03&payment_method=alipay&status=paid&currency=NZD&amount=100.00&signature= 14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3
```

#### SHA-256 HMAC Signature
Merchant frontend need to validate the signature for protecting against malicious requests.

```
message: merchant_reference + payment_method + status + currency + amount
secret: api_key
```


### Query Interface
All customers can send request to search their transaction order by merchant order id(that should be unique id for the merchant) as merchant_reference by HTTP GET request.

```
GET https://api.latipay.net/v2/transaction/{merchant_reference}
```

#### Parameters
| Name  | Type  | Description | 
|------------- |---------------| -------------|
|user_id | String | The user account you want to use to process the transaction. |
|signature | String	|The SHA-256 HMAC API signature.

#### Response

| Name  | Type  | Description | 
|------------- |---------------| -------------|
|signature  | String  | The SHA-256 HMAC API signature.  | 
|transaction_id  | String  | A unique transaction identifier generated by Latipay.  |
|merchant_reference  | String  | A field for identifying your transaction.  | 
|currency  | String  | The currency code of the transaction.  |
|amount  | String  | A decimal amount.  | 
|payment_method  | String  | The payment method used. Possible values are wechat, alipay, jdpay, baidu-pay or online-bank.  |
|status  | String  | The status of the transaction. Possible values are: pending, paid, or failed.  |
|pay_time  | String  | Show the payment time of the transaction order. |

#### Example

``` json
{
  "signature": "14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3",
  "transaction_id": "20170707-wechat-3473511594933",
  "merchant_reference": "dsi39ej430sks03",
  "currency": "AUD",
  "amount": "120.00",
  "payment_method": "wechat",
  "status": "paid",
  "pay_time": "2017-07-07 10:53:50"
}
```

Commit message:

add signature for all api

src/v2/latipay-hosted.md, after:

---
title: Latipay Hosted
type: v2
order: 2
---


Welcome! It looks like you’re ready to connect with Latipay. This reference documentation explains how it can be done using Latipay’s API.

Once setup, you’ll be tapping into millions of Chinese consumers who prefer local payment methods.

We’re constantly updating our payment methods but would love to hear your suggestions on how we could improve our platform.

## Summary

The Latipay 2.0 interface is an independent Hosted Payments Page (HPP) solution provided by Latipay. The HPP provides a solution for capturing Wechat/ Alipay and 19 main Chinese banks information securely without exposing the merchant to sensitive financial data. The Latipay Hosted Ecommerce API provides merchants with a secure and versatile solution for online payments. Redirecting users to a Latipay Hosted Payment Page to complete the payment. A real-time confirmation notification of payment from Latipay will be displayed on the merchant’s website. At the same time, a callback will be implemented to the merchant to ensure that confirmation of payments have been sent to an allocated callback_url in less than 30s. Merchants also can track payment status through the Latipay Order Query API.


## How it works?

![](http://latipay.net/wp-content/uploads/images/01_-_Online_payment_workflow_-_Latipay_hosted-_both-02.png)

1. To process a transaction, customers select Latipay as payment method, then the merchant’s ecommerce server sends a request to Latipay partnership merchant.

2. Latipay partnership merchant sends a request to /transaction with the authentication details.

3. Latipay responds with a nonce and host_url

4. Latipay partnership merchant responds with a unique URI (host_url/nonce) for an SSL secure payments page.

5. The merchant shopping cart uses the returned URI to redirect the customer to the secure Latipay hosted payments page.

6. The customer will be prompted to a page which requires him/she to either enter their Chinese bank card details or scan the QR code and complete the transaction. The result is displayed and the user is automatically redirected back to the merchant’s website.

## Payment Scenarios

#### Alipay

![](http://latipay.net/wp-content/uploads/images/Alipay-latipayhosted.png)

---

#### WeChat Pay

![](http://latipay.net/wp-content/uploads/images/Wechat-latipayhosted.png)

---

#### Online Bank

![](http://latipay.net/wp-content/uploads/images/Onlinebank-latipayhosted.png)

---

#### Website check-out page

![](http://latipay.net/wp-content/uploads/images/checkout_show.png)

## API List

### Transaction Interface
Create a latipay transaction(or order) is the first step for using alipay or wechatpay.
	
```
POST https://api.latipay.net/v2/transaction
```


#### Parameters


| Name  | Type  | Description | Nullable |
|------------- |---------------| -------------| -------------|
| user_id | String | The user account you want to use to process the transaction. | No | 
|wallet_id | String | The ID of the wallet you want to use. | No 
|payment_method | String | Payment method options are wechat, alipay, or onlineBank. | No 
|amount | String | A decimal amount. | No 
|return_url | String | The URL of the landing page where Latipay will return the customer after payment. | No 
|callback_url | String | The URL of the callback address the transaction notification is sent after payment. | No 
|signature | String | The SHA-256 HMAC API signature. | No 
|merchant_reference | String | A field for identifying your transaction. | No 
|ip | String | The IP address of the customer. | No 
|version | String | The latest version of the platform. | No 
|product_name | String | The name of the product or service being sold. | No 

#### Extra Parameter only for Wechat

|  Platform | Payment Method  | Extra Parameter  | Payment Interface's Response 
|------------- |---------------| -------------| ------| ------
| Wechat browser |wechat  | is_staticpay=1 | Wechat app pay directly |
| Any |wechat  | present\_qr=1 | a Latipay webpage which presents QR code which waiting for Wechat app to scan |

#### Example Parameters

```json
{
  "user_id": "U000334333",
  "wallet_id": "W00000001",
  "amount": "120.00",
  "payment_method": "alipay",
  "return_url": "https://merchantsite.com/checkout",
  "callback_url": "https://merchantsite.com/confirm",
  "signature": "14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3",
  "merchant_reference": "dsi39ej430sks03",
  "ip": "122.122.122.1",
  "version": "2.0",
  "product_name": "Pinot Noir, Otago"
}
```

#### SHA-256 HMAC Signature
```
message: user_id + wallet_id + amount + payment_method + return_url + callback_url
secret: api_key
```

#### Example Signature

```
message: U000000001W000000010.01alipayhttp://merchant.com/returnhttp://merchant.com/callback
secret: 111222333

signature: 2367bcd9e9a2f9a547c85d7545d1217702a574b8084bbb7ae33b45a03a89983
```

#### Response

```json
{
  "host_url": "https://pay.latipay.net/pay",
  "nonce": "7d5a88119354301ad3fc250404493bd27abf4467283a061d1ed11860a46e1bf3",
  "signature": "14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3",
}
```

| Name  | Type  | Description | 
|------------- |---------------| -------------| 
|host_url	| 	String	| 	The host URL to send your customer.
|nonce	| 	String	| 	The transaction nonce must be appended to the *host_url* when redirecting the customer.	
|signature	| String	| The SHA-256 HMAC API signature.


#### Signature in Response
For security reasons, we highly recommend you verify the signature in the response.

```
message: nonce + host_url
secret: api_key
```



### Payment Interface

Load bellowing url in browser	or send GET request

```
{host_url}/{nonce}
```

#### Example 

```
https://pay.latipay.net/pay/7d5a88119354301ad3fc250404493bd27abf4467283a061d1ed11860a46e1bf3
```

#### Response based on parameters

|  Platform | Payment Method  | Extra Parameter  | Response 
|------------- |---------------| -------------| ------| ------
| PC browser |alipay |     |   Alipay QR payment page|
| Mobile browser |alipay |     |   launch Alipay app to pay|
| Alipay browser |alipay |     |   Alipay pay directly.|
| Wechat browser |wechat  | is_staticpay=1 | Wechat app pay directly |
| Any |wechat  | present\_qr=1 | a Latipay webpage which presents QR code which waiting for Wechat app to scan |
| Any |onlineBank | 	| a Latipay webpage, a form needs customer to fill in |



### Payment Result Asynchronous Notification

There is an asynchronous and back-end payment result notification sent by Latipay to merchant after the payment is done successfully. There is a re-try mechanism with the notification to ensure the notification could be delivered to the merchant. If you receive callback notification, please send "sent" to us. Callback notification can be sent many times until we receive "sent". For notification, we will send notifications after payer finishes the payment, the time interval is about 30 seconds.

```
POST merchant's callback_url
```

#### Parameters		


| Name  | Type  | Description | 
|------------- |---------------| -------------|
|signature | String | The SHA-256 HMAC API signature. |  
|transaction_id | String | f66f-4f1b-9ef5-43cb917ff8a6 (string) - A unique transaction identifier generated by Latipay. | 
|merchant_reference | String | A field for identifying your transaction. | 
|currency | String | The currency code of the transaction. |
|amount | String | A decimal amount. |
|payment_method | String | The payment method used. Possible values are wechat, alipay, onlineBank. |
|status | String | The status of the transaction. Possible values are: pending, paid, or failed. |
|pay_time | String | Show the payment time of the transaction order. |

#### Example Parameters

``` json
{
  "transaction_id": "43cb917ff8a6",
  "merchant_reference": "dsi39ej430sks03",
  "amount": "120.00",
  "currency": "NZD",
  "payment_method": "alipay",
  "pay_time": "2017-07-07 10:53:50",
  "status" : "paid",
  "signature": "14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3",
}
```

#### SHA-256 HMAC Signature
Merchant backend need to validate the signature for protecting against malicious requests.

```
message: merchant_reference + payment_method + status + currency + amount
secret: api_key
```

#### Expected text "sent" in Response's body

```
sent
```

### Synchronous Redirection
There is a sync and front-end payment result redirection sent by Latipay to merchant after the payment is done successfully.


```
Redirect merchant's return_url
```

| Name  | Type  | Description | 
|------------- |---------------| -------------|
|merchant_reference | String | A field for identifying your transaction. |
|payment_method | String | The payment method used. Possible values are wechat, alipay, jdpay, baidu-pay or online-bank. | 
|status | String | The status of the transaction. Possible values are: pending, paid, or failed. |
|currency | String | The currency code of the transaction. |
|amount | String | A decimal amount. |
|signature | String	|The SHA-256 HMAC API signature.	

#### Example

```
https://www.merchant.com/latipay?merchant_reference=dsi39ej430sks03&payment_method=alipay&status=paid&currency=NZD&amount=100.00&signature= 14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3
```

#### SHA-256 HMAC Signature
Merchant frontend need to validate the signature for protecting against malicious requests.

```
message: merchant_reference + payment_method + status + currency + amount
secret: api_key
```


### Query Interface
All customers can send request to search their transaction order by merchant order id(that should be unique id for the merchant) as merchant_reference by HTTP GET request.

```
GET https://api.latipay.net/v2/transaction/{merchant_reference}
```

#### Parameters
| Name  | Type  | Description | 
|------------- |---------------| -------------|
|user_id | String | The user account you want to use to process the transaction. |
|signature | String	|The SHA-256 HMAC API signature.

#### SHA-256 HMAC Signature

```
message: merchant_reference + user_id
secret: api_key
```

#### Response

| Name  | Type  | Description | 
|------------- |---------------| -------------|
|signature  | String  | The SHA-256 HMAC API signature.  | 
|transaction_id  | String  | A unique transaction identifier generated by Latipay.  |
|merchant_reference  | String  | A field for identifying your transaction.  | 
|currency  | String  | The currency code of the transaction.  |
|amount  | String  | A decimal amount.  | 
|payment_method  | String  | The payment method used. Possible values are wechat, alipay, jdpay, baidu-pay or online-bank.  |
|status  | String  | The status of the transaction. Possible values are: pending, paid, or failed.  |
|pay_time  | String  | Show the payment time of the transaction order. |

#### Example

``` json
{
  "signature": "14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3",
  "transaction_id": "20170707-wechat-3473511594933",
  "merchant_reference": "dsi39ej430sks03",
  "currency": "AUD",
  "amount": "120.00",
  "payment_method": "wechat",
  "status": "paid",
  "pay_time": "2017-07-07 10:53:50"
}
```

#### Signature in Response
For security reasons, we highly recommend you verify the signature in the response.


```
message: merchant_reference + payment_method + status + currency + amount
secret: api_key
```
