src/v2/latipay-hosted-in-store.md, before:

---
title: Latipay Hosted - In-Store
type: v2
order: 3
---
[Download PDF](/pdf/latipay-hosted-in-store.pdf)

Welcome! It looks like you’re ready to connect with Latipay. This reference documentation explains how it can be done using Latipay’s API.
Once setup, you’ll be tapping into millions of Chinese consumers who prefer local payment methods.
We’re constantly updating our payment methods but would love to hear your suggestions on how we could improve our platform.

## Summary
The Latipay 2.0 interface is an independent Hosted Payments Page (HPP) solution provided by Latipay. The HPP provides a solution for capturing Wechat/ Alipay and 19 main Chinese banks information securely without exposing the merchant to sensitive financial data. The Latipay Hosted Ecommerce API provides merchants with a secure and versatile solution for in-store payments. Redirecting users to a Latipay Hosted Payment Page to complete the payment. A real-time confirmation notification of payment from Latipay will be displayed on the merchant’s website. At the same time, a callback will be implemented to the merchant to ensure that confirmation of payments have been sent to an allocated callback_url in less than 30s. Merchants also can track payment status through the Latipay Order Query API.

## How it works?
![](http://latipay.net/wp-content/uploads/images/01_-_Online_payment_workflow_-_Latipay_hosted-_both-02.png)

1. To process a transaction, customers select Latipay as payment method, then the merchant’s ecommerce server sends a request to Latipay partnership merchant.
2. Latipay partnership merchant sends a request to /transaction with the authentication details.
3. Latipay responds with a nonce and host_url
4. Latipay partnership merchant responds with a unique URI (host_url/nonce) for an SSL secure payments page.
5. The merchant shopping cart uses the returned URI to redirect the customer to the secure Latipay hosted payments page.
6. The customer will be prompted to a page which requires him/she to either enter their Chinese bank card details or scan the QR code and complete the transaction. The result is displayed and the user is automatically redirected back to the merchant’s website.

## Payment Scenarios

#### Alipay
![](http://latipay.net/wp-content/uploads/images/Alipay_MerchantHosted.png)
---
#### WeChat Pay
![](http://latipay.net/wp-content/uploads/images/Wechat-latipayhosted.png)
---

## API List
### Transaction Interface
Create a latipay transaction(or order) is the first step for using alipay or wechatpay. Comparing with [`Online`](/v2/latipay-hosted.html#Transaction-Interface-Online) service, In-Store service has some extra parameters.

```
POST https://api.latipay.net/v2/transaction
```

#### Parameters

| Name  | Type  | Description | Nullable |
|------------- |---------------| -------------| -------------|
| user_id | String | The user account you want to use to process the transaction. | No |
|wallet_id | String | The ID of the wallet you want to use. | No
|payment_method | String | Payment method options are wechat, alipay. | No
|amount | String | A decimal amount. | No
|return_url | String | The URL of the landing page where Latipay will return the customer after payment. | No
|callback_url | String | The URL of the callback address the transaction notification is sent after payment. | No
|signature | String | The SHA-256 HMAC API signature. | No
|merchant_reference | String | A field for identifying your transaction. | No
|ip | String | The IP address of the customer. | No
|version | String | The latest version of the platform. | No
|product_name | String | The name of the product or service being sold. | No


#### Example Parameters

```json
{
  "user_id": "U000334333",
  "wallet_id": "W00000001",
  "amount": "120.00",
  "payment_method": "alipay",
  "return_url": "https://merchantsite.com/checkout",
  "callback_url": "https://merchantsite.com/confirm",
  "signature": "14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3",
  "merchant_reference": "dsi39ej430sks03",
  "ip": "122.122.122.1",
  "version": "2.0",
  "product_name": "Pinot Noir, Otago"
}
```

#### SHA-256 HMAC Signature

```
message: user_id + wallet_id + amount + payment_method + return_url + callback_url
secret: api_key
```

#### Example Signature

```
message: U000000001W000000010.01alipayhttp://merchant.com/returnhttp://merchant.com/callback
secret: 111222333
signature: 2367bcd9e9a2f9a547c85d7545d1217702a574b8084bbb7ae33b45a03a89983
```

#### Response

```json
{
  "host_url": "https://pay.latipay.net/pay",
  "nonce": "7d5a88119354301ad3fc250404493bd27abf4467283a061d1ed11860a46e1bf3",
  "signature": "14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3",
}
```

| Name  | Type  | Description |
|------------- |---------------| -------------|
|host_url |   String  |   The host URL to send your customer.
|nonce  |   String  |   The transaction nonce must be appended to the *host_url* when redirecting the customer.
|signature  | String  | The SHA-256 HMAC API signature.

#### Signature in Response
For security reasons, we highly recommend you verify the signature in the response.

```
message: nonce + host_url
secret: api_key
```

#### Extra Parameters for alipay and wechat
Please check out the response of [#Payment-Interface](#Payment-Interface)

<p class="tip">When load the url `{host_url}/{nonce}` in next step [#Payment Interface](#Payment-Interface), you will get different result depend on the environment and extra parameter.<p>

### Payment Interface
Load bellowing url in browser or send GET request

```
{host_url}/{nonce}
```

#### Example

```
https://pay.latipay.net/pay/7d5a88119354301ad3fc250404493bd27abf4467283a061d1ed11860a46e1bf3
```

#### Response, based on Environment and Extra Parameters

|  Environment | Payment Method  | Extra Parameters for [#Transaction-Interface](#Transaction-Interface)  | Response | Customer makes payment|
|------------- |---------------| -------------| ------| ------| ------|
| Alipay inner browser | alipay  | is\_staticpay="1" | Alipay app pay directly | ![](../images/alipay.png?a) |
| Mobile browser| alipay  | is\_staticpay="1" | Mobile browser try to launch Alipay app | ![](../images/alipay-mobile-browser.png?a) |
| PC browser/Mobile browser| alipay  | present\_qr="1" is\_spotpay="1" | a Latipay webpage which presents QR code which waiting for Alipay app to scan | ![](../images/alipay-latipay.png?a) |
| Any | alipay  | is_spotpay="1" | a json contains `qr_code` text| Merchant backend or frontend needs to generate QR Code and display it to customer|
| Non Wechat App |wechat  | present\_qr="1" | a Latipay webpage which presents QR code which waiting for Wechat app to scan |![](../images/wechat-latipay.png?b)|
|Non-Wechat App| wechat|  | a json contains `code_url` text |Merchant backend or frontend needs to generate QR Code and display it to customer|


Alipay QR Code text

```json
{
  "qr_code": "https://qr.alipay.com/bax081077lt4kxtaupg00082"
}
```

Wechat QR Code text

```json
{
  "code_url":"weixin://wxpay/bizpayurl?pr=12121312"
}
```


### Payment Result Asynchronous Notification
There is an asynchronous and back-end payment result notification sent by Latipay to merchant after the payment is done successfully. There is a re-try mechanism with the notification to ensure the notification could be delivered to the merchant. If you receive callback notification, please send "sent" to us. Callback notification can be sent many times until we receive "sent".

```
POST merchant's callback_url
```
#### Parameters

| Name  | Type  | Description |
|------------- |---------------| -------------|
|signature | String | The SHA-256 HMAC API signature. |
|transaction_id | String | f66f-4f1b-9ef5-43cb917ff8a6 (string) - A unique transaction identifier generated by Latipay. |
|merchant_reference | String | A field for identifying your transaction. |
|currency | String | The currency code of the transaction. |
|amount | String | A decimal amount. |
|payment_method | String | The payment method used. Possible values are wechat, alipay. |
|status | String | The status of the transaction. Possible values are: pending, paid, or failed. |
|pay_time | String | Show the payment time of the transaction order. |

#### Example Parameters

```json
{
  "transaction_id": "43cb917ff8a6",
  "merchant_reference": "dsi39ej430sks03",
  "amount": "120.00",
  "currency": "NZD",
  "payment_method": "alipay",
  "pay_time": "2017-07-07 10:53:50",
  "status" : "paid",
  "signature": "14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3",
}
```

#### SHA-256 HMAC Signature
Merchant backend need to validate the signature for protecting against malicious requests.

```
message: merchant_reference + payment_method + status + currency + amount
secret: api_key
```

#### Expected text "sent" in Response's body

```
sent
```
### Synchronous Redirection
There is a sync and front-end payment result redirection sent by Latipay to merchant after the payment is done successfully.

```
Redirect merchant's return_url
```

| Name  | Type  | Description |
|------------- |---------------| -------------|
|merchant_reference | String | A field for identifying your transaction. |
|payment_method | String | The payment method used. Possible values are wechat, alipay. |
|status | String | The status of the transaction. Possible values are: pending, paid, or failed. |
|currency | String | The currency code of the transaction. |
|amount | String | A decimal amount. |
|signature | String |The SHA-256 HMAC API signature.|

#### Example

```
https://www.merchant.com/latipay?merchant_reference=dsi39ej430sks03&payment_method=alipay&status=paid&currency=NZD&amount=100.00&signature= 14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3
```

#### SHA-256 HMAC Signature
Merchant frontend need to validate the signature for protecting against malicious requests.

```
message: merchant_reference + payment_method + status + currency + amount
secret: api_key
```

### Query Interface
All customers can send request to search their transaction order by merchant order id(that should be unique id for the merchant) as merchant_reference by HTTP GET request.

```
GET https://api.latipay.net/v2/transaction/{merchant_reference}
```

#### Parameters
| Name  | Type  | Description |
|------------- |---------------| -------------|
|user_id | String | The user account you want to use to process the transaction. |
|signature | String |The SHA-256 HMAC API signature.
#### SHA-256 HMAC Signature

```
message: merchant_reference + user_id
secret: api_key
```
#### Response
| Name  | Type  | Description |
|------------- |---------------| -------------|
|signature  | String  | The SHA-256 HMAC API signature.  |
|transaction_id  | String  | A unique transaction identifier generated by Latipay.  |
|merchant_reference  | String  | A field for identifying your transaction.  |
|currency  | String  | The currency code of the transaction.  |
|amount  | String  | A decimal amount.  |
|payment_method  | String  | The payment method used. Possible values are wechat, alipay.  |
|status  | String  | The status of the transaction. Possible values are: pending, paid, or failed.  |
|pay_time  | String  | Show the payment time of the transaction order. |
#### Example
```json
{
  "signature": "14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3",
  "transaction_id": "20170707-wechat-3473511594933",
  "merchant_reference": "dsi39ej430sks03",
  "currency": "AUD",
  "amount": "120.00",
  "payment_method": "wechat",
  "status": "paid",
  "pay_time": "2017-07-07 10:53:50"
}
```
#### Signature in Response
For security reasons, we highly recommend you verify the signature in the response.

```
message: merchant_reference + payment_method + status + currency + amount
secret: api_key
```

Commit message:

add situation for latipay hosted

src/v2/latipay-hosted-in-store.md, after:

---
title: Latipay Hosted - In-Store
type: v2
order: 3
---
[Download PDF](/pdf/latipay-hosted-in-store.pdf)

Welcome! It looks like you’re ready to connect with Latipay. This reference documentation explains how it can be done using Latipay’s API. Once setup, you’ll be tapping into millions of Chinese consumers who prefer local payment methods. We’re constantly updating our payment methods but would love to hear your suggestions on how we could improve our platform.

<p class="tip">This document is only suitable for the following `in-store` situation.</p>

* Customer scans `Alipay payment QR code` through `Alipay app`.
* Customer scans `Wechat payment QR code` through `Wechat app`.

## Summary
The Latipay 2.0 interface is an independent Hosted Payments Page (HPP) solution provided by Latipay. The HPP provides a solution for capturing Wechat/ Alipay and 19 main Chinese banks information securely without exposing the merchant to sensitive financial data. The Latipay Hosted Ecommerce API provides merchants with a secure and versatile solution for `in-store` payments [(Transaction-Interface)](#Transaction-Interface). Redirecting users to a Latipay Hosted Payment Page to complete the payment [(Payment-Interface)](#Payment-Interface). A real-time confirmation [redirection](#Synchronous-Redirection) of payment from Latipay will be displayed on the merchant’s website. At the same time, a [notification](#Payment-Result-Asynchronous-Notification) will be implemented to the merchant to ensure that confirmation of payments have been sent to an allocated callback_url in less than 30s. Merchants also can track payment status through the [Latipay Order Query API](#Query-Interface).

## How it works?
![](http://latipay.net/wp-content/uploads/images/01_-_Online_payment_workflow_-_Latipay_hosted-_both-02.png)

1. To process a transaction, customers select `Alipay`, `Wechat` as **in-store** payment method in merchant's website, e.g. in E-commerce website.

2. the **merchant**’s ecommerce server sends a transaction request [#Transaction-Interface](#Transaction-Interface) to **Latipay** with the authentication and order details.

3. **Latipay** responds with a `host_url` and `nonce`.

4. The **merchant**'s server redirect the website to the host_url with nonce as parameter.[#Payment-Interface](#Payment-Interface)

5. The customer will be prompted to a page which requires him/she to `scan the QR code` with Alipay or Wechat app and complete the transaction.

6. The result of payment is displayed and the user is automatically redirected back to the **merchant**’s website.

## Payment Scenarios

#### Alipay
![](http://latipay.net/wp-content/uploads/images/Alipay_MerchantHosted.png)

---

#### WeChat Pay
![](http://latipay.net/wp-content/uploads/images/Wechat-latipayhosted.png)


## API List
### Transaction Interface
Create a latipay transaction(or order) is the first step for using alipay or wechatpay. Comparing with [`Online`](/v2/latipay-hosted.html#Transaction-Interface-Online) service, In-Store service has some extra parameters.

```
POST https://api.latipay.net/v2/transaction
```

#### Parameters

| Name  | Type  | Description | Nullable |
|------------- |---------------| -------------| -------------|
| user_id | String | The user account you want to use to process the transaction. | No |
|wallet_id | String | The ID of the wallet you want to use. | No
|payment_method | String | Payment method options are wechat, alipay. | No
|amount | String | A decimal amount. | No
|return_url | String | The URL of the landing page where Latipay will return the customer after payment. | No
|callback_url | String | The URL of the callback address the transaction notification is sent after payment. | No
|signature | String | The SHA-256 HMAC API signature. | No
|merchant_reference | String | A field for identifying your transaction. | No
|ip | String | The IP address of the customer. | No
|version | String | The latest version of the platform. | No
|product_name | String | The name of the product or service being sold. | No


#### Example Parameters

```json
{
  "user_id": "U000334333",
  "wallet_id": "W00000001",
  "amount": "120.00",
  "payment_method": "alipay",
  "return_url": "https://merchantsite.com/checkout",
  "callback_url": "https://merchantsite.com/confirm",
  "signature": "14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3",
  "merchant_reference": "dsi39ej430sks03",
  "ip": "122.122.122.1",
  "version": "2.0",
  "product_name": "Pinot Noir, Otago"
}
```

#### SHA-256 HMAC Signature

```
message: user_id + wallet_id + amount + payment_method + return_url + callback_url
secret: api_key
```

#### Example Signature

```
message: U000000001W000000010.01alipayhttp://merchant.com/returnhttp://merchant.com/callback
secret: 111222333
signature: 2367bcd9e9a2f9a547c85d7545d1217702a574b8084bbb7ae33b45a03a89983
```

#### Response

```json
{
  "host_url": "https://pay.latipay.net/pay",
  "nonce": "7d5a88119354301ad3fc250404493bd27abf4467283a061d1ed11860a46e1bf3",
  "signature": "14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3",
}
```

| Name  | Type  | Description |
|------------- |---------------| -------------|
|host_url |   String  |   The host URL to send your customer.
|nonce  |   String  |   The transaction nonce must be appended to the *host_url* when redirecting the customer.
|signature  | String  | The SHA-256 HMAC API signature.

#### Signature in Response
For security reasons, we highly recommend you verify the signature in the response.

```
message: nonce + host_url
secret: api_key
```

#### Extra Parameters for alipay and wechat
Please check out the response of [#Payment-Interface](#Payment-Interface)

<p class="tip">When load the url `{host_url}/{nonce}` in next step [#Payment Interface](#Payment-Interface), you will get different result depend on the environment and extra parameter.<p>

### Payment Interface
Load bellowing url in browser or send GET request

```
{host_url}/{nonce}
```

#### Example

```
https://pay.latipay.net/pay/7d5a88119354301ad3fc250404493bd27abf4467283a061d1ed11860a46e1bf3
```

#### Response, based on Environment and Extra Parameters

|  Environment | Payment Method  | Extra Parameters for [#Transaction-Interface](#Transaction-Interface)  | Response | Customer makes payment|
|------------- |---------------| -------------| ------| ------| ------|
| Alipay inner browser | alipay  | is\_staticpay="1" | Alipay app pay directly | ![](../images/alipay.png?a) |
| Mobile browser| alipay  | is\_staticpay="1" | Mobile browser try to launch Alipay app | ![](../images/alipay-mobile-browser.png?a) |
| PC browser/Mobile browser| alipay  | present\_qr="1" is\_spotpay="1" | a Latipay webpage which presents QR code which waiting for Alipay app to scan | ![](../images/alipay-latipay.png?a) |
| Any | alipay  | is_spotpay="1" | a json contains `qr_code` text| Merchant backend or frontend needs to generate QR Code and display it to customer|
| Non Wechat App |wechat  | present\_qr="1" | a Latipay webpage which presents QR code which waiting for Wechat app to scan |![](../images/wechat-latipay.png?b)|
|Non-Wechat App| wechat|  | a json contains `code_url` text |Merchant backend or frontend needs to generate QR Code and display it to customer|


Alipay QR Code text

```json
{
  "qr_code": "https://qr.alipay.com/bax081077lt4kxtaupg00082"
}
```

Wechat QR Code text

```json
{
  "code_url":"weixin://wxpay/bizpayurl?pr=12121312"
}
```


### Payment Result Asynchronous Notification
There is an asynchronous and back-end payment result notification sent by Latipay to merchant after the payment is done successfully. There is a re-try mechanism with the notification to ensure the notification could be delivered to the merchant. If you receive callback notification, please send "sent" to us. Callback notification can be sent many times until we receive "sent".

```
POST merchant's callback_url
```
#### Parameters

| Name  | Type  | Description |
|------------- |---------------| -------------|
|signature | String | The SHA-256 HMAC API signature. |
|transaction_id | String | f66f-4f1b-9ef5-43cb917ff8a6 (string) - A unique transaction identifier generated by Latipay. |
|merchant_reference | String | A field for identifying your transaction. |
|currency | String | The currency code of the transaction. |
|amount | String | A decimal amount. |
|payment_method | String | The payment method used. Possible values are wechat, alipay. |
|status | String | The status of the transaction. Possible values are: pending, paid, or failed. |
|pay_time | String | Show the payment time of the transaction order. |

#### Example Parameters

```json
{
  "transaction_id": "43cb917ff8a6",
  "merchant_reference": "dsi39ej430sks03",
  "amount": "120.00",
  "currency": "NZD",
  "payment_method": "alipay",
  "pay_time": "2017-07-07 10:53:50",
  "status" : "paid",
  "signature": "14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3",
}
```

#### SHA-256 HMAC Signature
Merchant backend need to validate the signature for protecting against malicious requests.

```
message: merchant_reference + payment_method + status + currency + amount
secret: api_key
```

#### Expected text "sent" in Response's body

```
sent
```
### Synchronous Redirection
There is a sync and front-end payment result redirection sent by Latipay to merchant after the payment is done successfully.

```
Redirect merchant's return_url
```

| Name  | Type  | Description |
|------------- |---------------| -------------|
|merchant_reference | String | A field for identifying your transaction. |
|payment_method | String | The payment method used. Possible values are wechat, alipay. |
|status | String | The status of the transaction. Possible values are: pending, paid, or failed. |
|currency | String | The currency code of the transaction. |
|amount | String | A decimal amount. |
|signature | String |The SHA-256 HMAC API signature.|

#### Example

```
https://www.merchant.com/latipay?merchant_reference=dsi39ej430sks03&payment_method=alipay&status=paid&currency=NZD&amount=100.00&signature= 14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3
```

#### SHA-256 HMAC Signature
Merchant frontend need to validate the signature for protecting against malicious requests.

```
message: merchant_reference + payment_method + status + currency + amount
secret: api_key
```

### Query Interface
All customers can send request to search their transaction order by merchant order id(that should be unique id for the merchant) as merchant_reference by HTTP GET request.

```
GET https://api.latipay.net/v2/transaction/{merchant_reference}
```

#### Parameters
| Name  | Type  | Description |
|------------- |---------------| -------------|
|user_id | String | The user account you want to use to process the transaction. |
|signature | String |The SHA-256 HMAC API signature.
#### SHA-256 HMAC Signature

```
message: merchant_reference + user_id
secret: api_key
```
#### Response
| Name  | Type  | Description |
|------------- |---------------| -------------|
|signature  | String  | The SHA-256 HMAC API signature.  |
|transaction_id  | String  | A unique transaction identifier generated by Latipay.  |
|merchant_reference  | String  | A field for identifying your transaction.  |
|currency  | String  | The currency code of the transaction.  |
|amount  | String  | A decimal amount.  |
|payment_method  | String  | The payment method used. Possible values are wechat, alipay.  |
|status  | String  | The status of the transaction. Possible values are: pending, paid, or failed.  |
|pay_time  | String  | Show the payment time of the transaction order. |
#### Example
```json
{
  "signature": "14d5b06a2a5a2ec509a148277ed4cbeb3c43301b239f080a3467ff0aba4070e3",
  "transaction_id": "20170707-wechat-3473511594933",
  "merchant_reference": "dsi39ej430sks03",
  "currency": "AUD",
  "amount": "120.00",
  "payment_method": "wechat",
  "status": "paid",
  "pay_time": "2017-07-07 10:53:50"
}
```
#### Signature in Response
For security reasons, we highly recommend you verify the signature in the response.

```
message: merchant_reference + payment_method + status + currency + amount
secret: api_key
```
